the celebration continues on the
baseball diamond
hello I'm Noah thins and this is inside
Yale athletics sponsored by Under Armour
well it's been since 1994 that the
Bulldogs have been to the NC double-a
tournament in baseball and that has
changed this year with Yale winning the
Ivy League championship all the Bulldogs
get a turn with the trophy the Ivy
League Championship Hardware the Bulldog
sweeping pan in a best of three game
series it started with a masterful
pitching performance Scott politte
dealing for sophomore a scatters five
hits while throwing a complete game
shutout strikes out five along the road
run for seven you know try to get the
team through seven and relievers can
come in to do my part of that and ended
up going all nine and felt good I mean I
was just keeping it simple throwing fast
balls low their ground ball pops off
just keep them off balance mean same
thing as always just doing small things
right and adds up to a good game as it
turns out police only needed one run but
his offense give them training and
support a couple runs in the fifth
inning
Richard Slinker singles for his 10 to
draw and then Harrison white hits this
one out of the reach of the diving
Quaker right fielder and the Bulldogs up
their lead to 3 nothing
we had a couple of insurance runs and
ride the arm of pole leads to a five
nothing victory they go to the clubhouse
to prepare for Game two and their chance
to break the 23-year championship
drought a little nervous energy but we
were pretty confident I mean we were in
that spot last year up one game those
good too good to not have to use that
third game but yeah a little nervous
energy whatever nerves the players had
didn't show the Bulldogs opened Game two
by putting up for first inning run to
walk the bat of Benny wanger a big game
for the league's top RBI man the home
run just part of the show
Jim DeGraw gets in on the power surge he
clubs a three-run homer in the third
inning trying to give a good at-bat
every event despite the situation I'm
glad I could perform for the rest of the
team you know get a couple of runs and
which helped us win the ballgame and
speaking of good at-bats mangers second
time up even better than the first this
time it's a three-run homer also in the
third inning they certainly helps with
curveballs pretty much every at-bat all
day so I just started kind of thing on
him you know just got it's got to go one
two hit and put a good swing on it I
guess so it's good to just to bring this
one home things got a little tense when
the Quakers begin chipping away at the
11 run Yale lead but the Yale pictures
seem to find ways to stem the tide in
the ninth
the Quakers actually send the tying run
to the plate he goes down swinging and
the celebration is underway with the 11
7 Vic
[Applause]
I mean we won this for a last year's
team for this year's game all year we've
been fighting battling and winning ball
games and now that's what we did here
tonight you say it's been a long time do
you realize that 1994 was a lot of time
this team venomancer the water it was
the yard born but I think we all knew we
do this year and we couldn't be happier
it's probably the best feeling I've had
coaching long for my coaching career
we're at 30 wins I guess now and that's
the only second time that's been done so
I'm just really really problem so now
the Ivy League champs wait wait for the
NCAA to find a spot for them in the 64
team n-c-double-a tournament field give
some plenty of time to enjoy the win the
biggest win for this team in 23 News
[Applause]